Popeye and the Ghost again, with the Popeye and the Ghost blues.
Play it ghost now, let's go on to town.
I cried all night, mama.
I don't know that before.
And I cried all night, mama.
Now I'm gonna change my way living I ain't gonna try no more If you love me, baby Got to change the way you do If you love me, baby Got to change
As long as you ain't spending my money, I have to run and look for you.
We need night and day.
I always told you, well, my baby, you're too late.
Oh, now look, tell me what the world you trying to do.
Oh, now look, look, mama.
Ah, tell me what you're trying to do, trying to do.
The way you're playing all the minutes anyway, boy, baby, I think it's time to break my poor heart in two.
All right, let's go.
I know you can do it.
Of course I know you can do it, please.